Hey,
what's going on is bill bird is time for the Thursday afternoon,
just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast.
And I'll,
I'm just checking in on you.
How the fuck are you?
I don't have time.
I don't have time to get book and Shit.
That Aa.
I got people coming in town to see my daughter.
I so I got a bunch of Shit I have to do.
You know,
you know when you got family,
the folk and fee and we Becky,
we're having problems with the feebly Becky sched what movie?
Okay.
Have problems with the family bear gaged the Vegas fucking mafioso line ever.
I'm not going to say,
you know,
cause I want to shit on the fucking writer zone.
I'm like shit on people that I'm in this industry sort of,
there was a laziest fucking writing ever.
He sees sort of a mob guy and a,
they're having family problems with the family back east.
How Far East?
Yeah,
you're in La.
Are you having problems with the family in Nevada
having problems with the family back east?
Um,
I'm in construction.
Oh,
it's not that movie.
All right.
Anyways,
it's not the one,
you think it was more recent and they evidentaly
from what I gathered from the writing was they were having problems with the
family.
Baggies,
sorry,
I'm going to kill this thing here.
Um,
anyways,
you know,
when you,
when you got fucking relatives coming out,
you know what the deal is?
You got to fucking clean your house up.
You know,
you,
you got to get all spiffy,
go out and get a haircut.
If you meet your shave it down,
right?
You're looking at him like,
Huh,
I'm successful.
I'll doing well.
Right.
You got to train him to all these fucking spots.
You've got to try to impress people,
you know.
Got It.
Hit me yesterday as I was,
I was scampering you know some,
I don't do a lot scampering something.
Usually a marsupial does up a tree,
I believe,
um,
scamper around the house.
Just trying to fucking make it look like I don't live in a world of clutter.
And at one point I'm just saying,
I,
you know,
built,
nobody gives a shit about you.
Nobody is coming out to see you.
Nobody gives a fuck what you're doing.
It's all about sure.
Dot.
And I was like,
oh,
this is great.
This is perfect.
She's the headliner.
I'm just hosted.
Hey,
how's everybody doing?
You want a burger?
Boom.
Let's keep this show moving right along.
Put the act.
Y'All came here to seek my lovely daughter.
That's all I got to do.
All you have to do is host to show those to show.
As long as she's cute,
which she can help.
As long as she smiles,
That's all she does is smile and laugh.
She's the fucking greatest kid ever.
I'll be fine.
So there you go.
Why am I trying to do all the dishes?
He always funny.
Oh,
you really do.
Whenever you have company over,
you have like that.
They've one fucking closet.
You throw everything in,
maybe one closet and every room you just take all of all of the clutter and you
just throw it into the closet.
Like for some reason there's this pressure that your house has to look like,
you know,
like a show room at a furniture store.
Like we don't have any knickknacks.
We are living a minimalist lifestyle.
Everything is neat and is in order.
Everything is in its proper place.
Harmony is what you're experiencing here.
We never fight is never a look crossword,
um,
day.
He can't live up to it.
So I just decided I got to a certain level of clean.
I'm like,
all right,
this is what it looks like.
You know,
what are you going to do?
Oh God,
I'm still nervous.
Anyways.
Um,
let's get down to the fucking tax that are brass here.
Uh,
but boy,
the city of Washington DC,
the district of Columbia,
oh,
they mourning today.
Jesus Christ.
I actually went to a sub Gabba with Josh.
She had a Myers and um,
this is how big a hockey fan I am.
The Celtics were playing the wizard yesterday,
game five.
I thought it was game six.
I get lost with all the sleep deprivation from Oh,
cutie cakes downstairs.
Right.
Um,
and I actually,
we went in the cigar bar and we were watching the game seven and in between
periods we click in to the Celtics.
I know Bradley had a huge game.
I know that the wizards went up like four to nothing and then that was it.
We gave him the old right there,
Fred and kept a foot on their neck.
Right.
So that was the biggest night in Washington DC sports perhaps ever.
I had fun cause I woke up because I was supposed to,
um,
yesterday I woke up early by Doodoodoo dude and I was supposed to call 'em uh,
Regina,
Saskatchewan,
cause I'm going up there for some shows.
A,
I dunno what the fuck I'm going,
I think I'm in Winnipeg and then I'm driving all the way up to fucking
Saskatoon,
which is like an eight and a half hour drive and I'm doing it and is a good,
you know,
good book.
A bunch of farms.
I don't give a shit.
I'm going to have a great time.
He and Nick Craig,
we're going to go up,
there's gotta be some Soda Ice Cream store of some fucking stupid tourist
attraction along the way.
And even if there isn't,
who gives a shit?
I like driving that stuff,
seeing it that it exists.
I did the drive one time from California to El Paso,
Texas.
And uh,
it's one of the great drives of a dead,
especially I believe,
I don't know if it was in Arizona or in New Mexico when you just get into the
badlands.
I always thought the bad lantsman you know,
some,
you know,
bad ass dudes live there and it's just bad as far as like,
you can't grow anything that's like scorched earth.
It's like basically the direction we're headed.
If we keep fucking,
and I don't know if you believe fucking Al Gore.
I mean,
I tend to believe a man who invented the Internet,
you know,
anyways.
Um,
so we're going to be doing that drive and uh,
so I had to call because they added,
they added another show in Regina because who the fuck ever goes to
Saskatchewan?
You know,
nobody.
So people are excited.
Like,
Holy Shit,
this guy's not my favorite,
but fee fucking showed up.
Let's go.
Right.
[inaudible] having problems.
We could feed him Uba keys.
So they added a second show.
So now I gotta,
I gotta put on my top hat,
my tales,
and I've got to fucking sell it.
So I'm waiting to call the radio if there's such a long story.
So I'm thinking in my head right now,
I'm like,
wow,
this is the biggest day in Washington DC sports history.
I should call the fucking sports junkies.
I'm going to do it.
I called in,
talked to larch and everybody get a,
I thought the capital's who's going to win?
I just thought how badly they beat the penguins in uh,
in game six.
I just thought that they,
uh,
and they was shutting down their offense.
The penguins were frustrated,
you know,
I knew the fucking flower they was going to have what was going to have a good
game,
but I just thought they just needed to break the seal.
They had to get that one,
give him a little bit of happy feet,
give him something to fucking think about.
So I called in there and then he called and Randy a Bauman and Bill Crawford had
wd TV.
And uh,
I wasn't a content,
neither one of them.
My team side of it,
I'm not going to try to be a kill joy,
you know,
I,
this is the deal.
I actually,
I don't know what happened.
I used to hate the fucking penguins.
I don't anymore.
It's a combination that they don't really have any like overtly cheap fucking
knee breakers anymore.
And I got a lot of friends that either live in Pittsburgh or you know,
out here that are from them.
Fucking part.
Nick,
I can't root against partner.
So I will go to the cigar bar and I,
uh,
I'm watching it with fucking Josh,
Adam Meyers and he's just like,
you know,
I said,
look,
dude,
I'm not going to lie to you.
I hope you go one and one.
I want the Celtics to win and I'm going to root for the capitals.
I'm sitting here with you.
I'll fucking route for him,
you know,
secretly.
I'm like,
well,
if they don't win,
I'm happy for fucking Randy Crawford and Bart,
nick and those guys.
What,
what do I care?
I'm like,
fucking teams not in it.
So we sit there and Josh is fucking losing his shit.
And,
um,
it was just unbelievable.
You know,
I call him the flour all the time.
I forget his fucking name already.
Mark Andre Flurry,
what a fucking game he had.
They just,
Oh my God.
Fucking captive.
Just snake.
But even when they had the guy beat,
even when they had him fucking beat,
they just couldn't get it on the stair.
They,
it was wide open.
I kick the fucking thing and he's couldn't do it.
They couldn't do it.
But I have to tell you right now,
game seven,
Nhl playoffs,
I will put that up against any,
uh,
any sport out there.
Um,
the NHL playoffs,
you know,
and I actually,
I actually totally missed the Edmonton ducks one because I had to go and I had
to do a couple of shows,
and I thought I taped the game and I fucked up.
I didn't someone have to go on the NHL APP today and Rewatch that game,
knowing full well that the ducks one,
which I had a feeling they were going to do,
I just thought they had a little more experienced.
They'd been there and that type of shit.
So,
yeah.
MMM,
the fucking Josh,
Jesus Christ.
He was just like,
you know,
by the end of it he was just like,
you know what?
Fuck this.
I think it was,
I'm just going to stress,
eat a fucking large pizza and I'm going to go home and watch cops.
Um,
I dunno,
having said that,
I still don't have confidence,
you know,
with the Celtics and the wizards,
I have no idea.
Like,
uh,
this is a weird series.
Um,
it kind of seems like the teams are going to hold serve,
you know,
and hopefully that happens and we'll win a game.
Seven,
I have no idea.
But just watching like a DC sports fan,
it reminds me,
I been,
I always have empathy for all of those people cause that was my life right up
until basically 2004 gets a patriots had already won one at that point.
But um,
yeah,
that was kind of my life as a sports fan for the longest fucking time.
Um,
so my condolences to the city of Washington DC still got the wizard.
You not out of it.
Congratulations to Pittsburgh.
Oh,
this is going to kill me to say this.
Congratulations to Anaheim.
Whatever you are down there,
whatever that is.
Orange County,
whatever the fuck that is down there.
Okay.
I don't even,
it's just one of the most soul is fucking places I've ever,
maybe not.
I'm judging the place.
I always drive down there,
you know,
to do the Improv of whatever.
MMM.
Bought me hockey stuff down there.
They got fucking Disneyland's down there.
It's just,
I don't know what it is.
It just looks like a giant movie set.
It doesn't look like,
um,
it's like when I went to San Jose and they had that little mall area where they
had all that high end shit.
They tried to make it look vaguely fucking,
I dunno,
European and he just like this.
This was clearly all built at the same time.
And there's no history here.
I don't know what happened cause I read a Steve Martin's book,
um,
born standing up.
I had the hardcover original version.
I loaned it to my neighbor and I never got it back.
What a fucking asshole.
That's still bugs me that I did that.
Um,
but he was talking about how he grew up in Orange County and riding his bicycle
to Disneyland past all the orange groves and just the way he painted the
pictures,
like,
wow,
that sounded like a beautiful place.
And now you go down there and it's just,
you know,
one fucking strip mall after another.
I mean,
it was kitten hold.
human beings have done a lot of unpaid,
you know,
a lot of fucking lot of unprotected sex since then.
And,
uh,
just kind of pushed the oranges out really.
Bill,
is that what happened?
I mean,
evidently
I bit down on the,
as far as I can surmise.
Um,
anyways,
so I did two shows last night,
did a benefit at the laugh factory and I did,
uh,
I did the all things comedy network show at the comedy store and I had also done
a show Monday night where I ran the whole hour and at the risk of sounding like
a fucking bald,
arrogant cunt,
uh,
the new hour is crushing them,
having a great time somewhere in the,
during those Cleveland shows.
It put me over the top and now I have confidence set up.
People aren't going to feel like they're getting ripped off when they go to see
me.
So,
um,
anyways,
I don't know,
I got a bunch of fucking shit on my mind cause I got to go down to the fucking
airport.
I got to pick up some,
I got to pick up the fee and we bake east.
Um,
oh by the way,
my apology does to a moto GP fence.
I didn't even know there was a race this past week and I went on to my,
uh,
my DVR or whatever the hell you call it.
And Lo and behold,
there it is.
You know,
and the way my laugh just watches whatever the hell she wants to now deletes it.
I didn't feel like I had to include her now.
Like she likes motorcycle racing or anything.
So,
um,
I believe they were in spank.
I just sat there with my daughter and I watched all three races back to back the
moto to the three in the fucking GP race and they will all fucking great racist.
You know,
it's funny.
At first I didn't like moto three with their little skinny bicycle tires.
Now I'm fucking into it.
All three of them were great races.
The Moto too.
I think the model two was the one with the guy.
The guy in the lead fucking just dumped the bike.
He fucked up coming out of a turn.
Um,
and then the other guy who was just up to him not to blow it and uh,
I don't know.
I loved all of it and I'm just watching the uh,
the moto GP race.
All of a sudden it goes up to us.
I got a thousand CC's Valentino Rossi having probably,
Hey Mimi,
what's up?
How are you?
I'm flailing over here.
I got like another 60 minutes to go and I'm so stressed and I got to go to the
fucking airport.
Then I'm all,
I'm all over the map.
Um,
Valentino Rossi,
that was so weird watching everybody pass him.
He had problems with like his tires.
This is why this guy's the shit he's been doing it for.
He's been doing it for so fucking long.
I even know who this guy is and he came in 10th place.
Any still in first place.
That's pretty God damn impressive.
This early into the season.
And uh,
I kind of became a fan of that.
Johann Johann Zarko.
I like the bike,
all black and he just was fucking passing everybody.
He ended up being in,
I don't know when he's finished,
like fourth,
maybe he's a French guy.
I liked the French,
you know,
I don't know,
but I'm totally into it.
I don't know any of the fucking name.
They know Mark Marquez,
right?
That's it.
I'm looking at all these other,
I've got them all a whole list here.
I could pretend like I know these guys off the top of my head.
I don't,
I have no idea who any of these guys are.
Okay.
But I will tell you,
I mean,
if you think racing is boring,
motorcycle racing is a good one to start with because,
uh,
you know,
if you're not into racing,
you want to see some crashes and,
uh,
you know,
motorcycle racing exists.
I mean literally the guy,
he just imagine with every fucking stock car race,
every time there was an accident,
the guide like flew out of the car.
I mean,
I'm not sitting there saying I want to see anybody get hurt.
But I mean it is riveting.
Yeah.
It's just fast.
First of all,
the level of technologies of the suit that they can be going like 150 miles an
hour,
lay the bike down.
You know,
they lean too far,
they fucking hit their knee or some shit.
I don't know.
What happens is that the handle bar hits the ground.
There's so low
and it causes the bike to slide out from underneath them and they go in like
whatever hundred 30 miles an hour,
just slide in and big pop right back up.
Okay.
Because the suits are made out of space age.
You know,
it's funny when I was uh,
when I had my brief motorcycle riding career out here in la before I smartened
up and realized that a,
I'm not a motorcycle guy.
I am a fan,
but I am.
I just,
I was riding scared and everybody's texting is something bad.
Was gonna Happen Man.
Um,
I,
uh,
I actually was going like trying to think of how to protect myself and I was
thinking I was going to get either a Ducati or I was going to get that Harley,
uh,
that throwback seventies one and uh,
I was going to buy one of those moto GP Seuss.
We'd probably going to cost more than the bike.
I thought it would be Larry's just to be riding a Harley wearing a GP suit.
Do you look like the,
you're supposed to dress like,
you know,
you used to be in a biker gang.
There's something about being on a Harley,
you have to wear like jeans.
It's like not acceptable to have the leather on leather suit.
Hello.
Lovely.
Hello,
handsome.
What's going on?
Another and I was just going to say,
you know what's even more boring than watching racing?
You just,
you just don't like it at all.
Well,
listening to you talk about racing,
it's probably more boring.
Wow.
Like four hours.
It feels like there's a swarm of killer bees.
That's what it sounds like.
There's no like what,
how,
why?
You're just,
we're waiting to watch the crash,
right?
I was,
I was hearing you from the kitchen.
Did you like,
that's literally what year because it's so fucking boring.
Like that's the level to which like the boredom you feel when you watch it,
like you're waiting for an accident.
Like that's where your mind goes with dark place cause you're so bored.
You're like,
what was it?
Someone just like crash.
No,
no,
no.
It's not boring.
God,
it's boring.
No,
no,
I was,
I was saying when you first sit down and watch it,
that's what you're hoping for because you don't understand what's going on.
But when you,
once you start on just hoping for that,
nobody's hoping for it when they watch it.
Is that why people watch?
No,
I'm saying if you're not into it,
that's why you would watch.
She'd be like,
well I'll see you in an accident.
I mean,
every likes an accident.
I mean everybody,
like when they see fuck somebody changing a fucking tire will cause four lanes
of
traffic.
People going,
oh,
the car going to fall on his head.
What's going on over there?
The rubber and hacking,
the most interesting part of the racing now that I've watched with you is when
is it Lewis Hamilton?
He's the champion.
Right?
He know a Nico Rosberg was the defending champion,
but his wife told him,
well,
now that you win the championship,
it's time for you to pay attention to me.
Any fucking retired.
Or he was like,
I don't want to deal with Lewis again.
And he just left.
Hmm.
Well,
anyway,
um,
him was it him that iced out his team mate and they were like,
these two have it spelled and it over six months.
Yeah.
It was like a whole days of thunder thing last year.
Got the tangible the Diet.
Yeah.
It is,
all of that stuff goes on.
There's the pride of the country,
the Ferrari's,
the Mercedes,
right.
All of that shit.
And then once you get into like the different tires,
when to pit the strategy of it and all of that,
it's amazing.
In this year.
Um,
the adjustments that they've made on the cars is way more passing.
I'll tell you last year was it was a little boring where it's like,
what was,
it was a race to the first turn we ever got to their first just held that
position for the rest of the race because you couldn't pass them.
Wow.
Riveting.
Well,
listen,
I'm going to go.
All right.
She's crying.
All right,
go get me.
I don't mean to trash your,
your interest.
I just thought it'd be funny to come in.
You don't find it interesting with him and with those motorcycles going that
fast,
like the balls at that takes the fucking balls.
I don't,
I don't find it interesting.
No doubt balls,
but not interesting.
All right,
so you'd rather watch a bunch of balloon tinted whores screaming at each other.
Yeah.
Neah Bay hill,
everybody.
There you go.
That's why that's that right there.
That is the fissure in our relationship.
That's the fault line right now.
You know what?
At some point we're going to talk about the fact that you spend like hours
watching people fight each other on Worldstar and all these other kind of
websites,
but then you want to come at me because I watch real housewives and people are
already doing well.
They never get to the fight.
Every time they about ready to fight a camera man breaks it up.
If those women would beat the shit out of each other,
I'd watch it.
If you just sit there and say mean shit to one another while somebody dabs at
the rise with tissues.
It still bugs me to this day that that white woman spit and fucking Miss New
York space and they all did to her.
They owed it to her to give her a couple of fucking swings.
Oh,
the way she did the about face,
like that was the end of it.
After she spit in somebody's face.
True.
They should have let her beat her ass.
Oh,
there you go.
That's why I don't like reality TV pop off
all of them like she down by that.
It just,
it drives me nuts.
It's like,
you know where to ignore reality TV's.
It's just like fucking,
it's like blue balls the whole time he comes to fight,
he comes to fight this starting to swing.
I'll bring it up,
break it up,
break it up.
The tension just keeps building and it never happens.
It's like,
you know when there's a big fucking UFC fight coming up,
right?
Imagine if it just kept running the promo and Joe Rogan just kept getting more
and more amped up about how great the fight was going to be and then it never
happened.
Right.
As they went to fight,
Dana white comes out,
hey,
it will be enough for that.
That'll be enough for that.
And then you had to deal with the two fighters fucking talking to the camera.
I just felt like for me,
I wanted to have a fight to decided,
but you know for me.
All right,
I'm sorry.
Let's,
let's read a little bit.
That's,
that is the number one fucking expression in reality TV.
I know I say it all the time.
I just feel like for me,
for me,
that for me,
I need to like,
I need to just do that,
but I,
I'm not doing it for her.
I'm doing it for me.
Um,
all right,
let's,
uh,
let's do a little bit of the,
the reeds here for the week.
All right.
Gimme the
loot crate everybody on a quest for epic gear.
Why all of a sudden this,
this seem really loud.
Like,
I actually moved the button there.
Are you on the quest for epic gear,
housewares and collectibles?
Loot crate has it.
The best surprise,
you know,
is coming.
Look,
Craig offers an epic range of pop culture items for less than $20 a month.
If you're,
um,
if you're more of a fanatical Fashionista,
then try loop where I'd never know what any of this shit is.
A,
what's a fanatical fan fashion.
He says somebody into fashion.
Is that alliteration or is fanatical a type of fashion?
Shut the fuck up and read a bill.
Okay.
Monthly wearables and accessories with cult classics and your favorite
franchises.
If you want to get fancy,
it's fucking hilarious.
It's a,
you want to get fucking fancy.
Come over here,
get busy.
You'll have a problem with it.
Be really big.
Biggie.
Get a bigger box and even bigger loop with loot crate DX,
bigger box seats.
You ever run into that problem?
Wow.
Big fucking box.
I can't fill this up.
Want to geek out your pet.
Try loop pets.
Offer expires April 19th at 9:00 PM Pacific.
Gotcha.
Peggy just got,
you want to go for a ride?
I want to go for a ride in the car.
I see a tail hitting the ground and male inmates.
Lou Crate.
You'll find items from guardians of the galaxy,
two star wars destiny and the Goonies one lucky subscriber will also,
when a mega crate including a premium format Groot figure from sideshow
collectibles that is over 22 and a half inches tall.
Somewhere out there.
Somebody is getting excited by this.
You have,
I feel like I'm reading another language right now.
You haven't till the 19th at 9:00 PM Pacific to subscribe and receive that
month's crate when the cutoff happens.
That's it.
It's,
oh go to loot crate.com/burn and enter my code burr to save $3 off on any new
subscription today.
Okay,
now the next one.
Oh,
it's our old friends.
Old Zip.
Yeah.
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
Posting your job in one place.
All that isn't enough to find quality candidates.
Do you want to find the perfect hire?
You need to post your job on all the top job sites.
You got to whore it out there and now you can with those ziprecruiter.com you
can post your job to 100 plus job sites including social media networks like the
Facebook and the Twitter,
all with a single click.
Find candidates.
Susan Bloomstein calling.
Find candidates in any city or industry nationwide.
Just want just post once and watch your qualified candidates roll into old zip.
Okay.
Easy to use interface.
No juggling emails or calls to your office.
Quickly screen candidates,
rate them and hire that person fast.
Yeah,
you're going to work next to me.
Find out today why Ziprecruiter has been used by fortune 100 companies and
thousands of small and medium sized businesses.
And right now my listeners can post jobs on zip.
Okay.
I rode his bike for free by going to ziprecruiter.com/spur.
That's ziprecruiter.com/bar one more time.
Try It for free.
Go to zip.com/burger.
All right.
Oh,
look who's here.
Me on Andy's me undies.
No more sweaty balls to do to,
to me.
Me undies.
Get them before the fucking fall.
Jump on your motorcycle slide across to track Gill Shit.
Your pitch.
And that is that.
Fuck it.
And it fell apart.
I was trying to get racing in there.
I'm sorry.
Take two on the me undies.
Me undies.
Mandy's riding a motor bike to do due to me undies.
[inaudible] my girls straight.
She's not up.
None of that.
I get in trouble with gay and lesbians.
Fuck.
Let's see.
Uh,
Biondi me undies.
Welcome I dick night to do,
to do meal Odis melodies.
My balls.
Really right
now.
You said soft right down there.
Is it underwear or a teddy bear?
They're the softest underwear.
I don't know.
There's always so many different ways you can fucking sing it,
right?
Listen,
people elevate your underwear game to the next level with me.
Undies.
You perfected your wardrobe.
What about this stuff?
Not everybody gets to see.
We're talking about your junk,
Aka your family back East family down south.
Um,
if you've been settling for store,
bought underwear,
five packs,
I've noticed that.
Why?
Why would you be subtly for that?
You know,
isn't it enough that some poor bastard had to sell those things together and
then it's fucking six months old?
Had to put them in that plastic bag so you could fucking,
you know,
deal with parking down at the grove.
Um,
I have something that will change your life for the better.
What is it?
Oh,
it's old me undies.
What's the first thing you put on in the last thing you take off?
It's your underwear,
right?
Unless you,
Matthew Mcconaughey,
make your first and most important piece of clothing the best it could be with
me undies.
What is me undies?
You may have asked.
Oh,
just seriously soft.
Feel good undies delivered right to your door B.
And these are designed in La,
Los Angeles,
Louisiana.
We don't know and made from sustainably sourced micro modal,
modal of fabric,
three times softer than cotton.
Me undies.
Softer than socks,
soft lugs,
undies,
Lux,Z ,
Luxy,
unders,
undies,
luxury undies come in and ever changing selection of classic colors,
bold shades and adventurous patterns.
You go girl,
you go with your softballs so you can tailor your undies to your own personal
style.
I guess what you can save time.
You can save money each month with a monthly subscription.
If you're not ready for a subscription,
that's okay.
He can still say that's because me undies is offering 20% off your first pair.
Just use our special URL me,
undies.com/burr and get 20% off your first fucking pair.
So go ahead revamp your underwear drawer.
You deserve it.
Treat yourself.
Once again,
that's me.
undies.com/burr be undies.com/.
Bar I've been only Vladimir Putin wears them cause she didn't know that he wears
them right?
All right,
frame bridge everybody.
Do you have a thought?
Do you have a thousand photos living in your phone and not a single one in a
frame.
Now you can get those great men memories off your phone and on your wall with
frame bridge.com go to frame bridge.com f r a m e bridge.com like a picture
frame and oh,
London bridges,
but it's only one.
By the way,
the London Bridge is not the tower bridge.
Everybody thinks the tower bridge is the London Bridge.
That's the tower bridge.
All right?
The London Bridge is the London Bridge and it looks like a fucking footpath that
you drive a car across.
Okay?
Just to just know that if he ever go to London,
all right,
choose your frame or let their designers help you choose.
Upload your photo from your computer or directly from Instagram.
Review your photo online in the frame you choose can upload your photo art.
That would be me.
She just stab your computer screen with your phone.
Don't do that.
No worries.
You can mail it for free.
Frame.
Bridge uses premium real wood moldings,
acid free mat board and foam board,
and they're acrylic glazing.
We'll never shatter and protects your piece from harmful UV rays.
I love what they call your selfie a piece.
Like it's a fucking work of art.
You're doing the Yolo fucking peace.
Sign the expert team at frame bridge.
We'll custom frame your item in 10 days,
not weeks or months and deliver your finished piece directly to your door.
Ready to hang.
Don't get stuck searching for a last minute gift or to now for mother's Day I
was cause he's saying it's perfect for mother's Day from other state delivery.
Go to [inaudible] dot com and use the Promo Code [inaudible] weight,
but it takes a 10 days.
Mother's days to Sunday,
you'll save an additional 50% off your first order.
You just go to frame branch.com Promo Code per frame,
bridge.com Promo Code Bar.
Last one.
Everybody see,
so
say
every hair or something everyday or something being a barrel of laughs or a
barrel might have been enough laughs in the days of horses and Buggies,
but you live in the now.
That's why CSOS library of standup television and original content provide
streaming laps up to 1.7 mega barrels and that's proven by science.
All right,
that's all real.
Sign up now to catch brand new standup specials from the Great Nick Depaulo from
the formidable Joey Coco de
and the new season of the wonderful big Jay Oakerson.
What's your fucking deal or watch your favorite sets from comedians like the
great Louis Ck Amy fucking show and Hannibal Buress access theso content from
anywhere at any time using Ios,
android,
Roku,
apple TV,
Amazon fire,
Amazon,
fire me Yao TV windows are X.
Bought Xbox one ready for the punch line.
CSOS just three 99 per month.
No joke.
Less than four bucks per month for all the comedy you want.
Anytime anywhere ad free.
Just go to Seeso,
s,
e s o Sierra,
Echo,
Echo Sierra,
oscar.com right now to sign up for one month for free with Promo Code
[inaudible] at checkout.
That's seeso.com spelled CSO,
s e e s o.com Promo Code Burr seeso.com.
What the fuck?
Promocode birch.
He says Christ.
How many times you can just say it.
How many times can you say it?
All right it,
I got to go to the airport.
I got to lose we Yankees.
Um,
thank you for listening and uh,
oh,
guess what the music's going to be.
This is the night game.
The one I was telling you about day B,
which is a band that he's playing and playing a,
uh,
sorta eighties pop thing with the 2017 flare.
If I do say so myself with me getting all current low right and die.
But telling you guys that they were a great band.
I've been telling you guys that I saw him live and have you been listening to
me?
I don't know.
Maybe you have,
maybe you have not.
But guess who just got one of the opening slot?
The sites probably say it slots on fucking John May as a world tour.
Ah,
the night game I fucking called him.
I told you so.
Here you go.
Uh,
I believe Andrew told me he's going to be playing the night games.
I think this is outfield.
This song is,
um,
we slide into the second half of this podcast,
which you'll be fine.
I don't know.
Thursday from podcast gone by.
I have no idea.
This is right.
Here's why he got out of radio.
I keeps,
cannot intro is som to save my fucking life anyway,
so I'm trying to say,
is he out?
Um,
the night game outfields coming up next and then after that it's going to be
some greatest hits.
A half hour of me running my Yap when I was a little bit younger.
All right.
Have a great weekend.
I'll talk to you later.
Uh
Huh.
Yeah.
Hi Molly.
[inaudible] be so hot.
I can hear the way you talk.
Brand
picky
sometimes
Madden.
Oh Wow.
Podcast got me in trouble with fiance's family.
Uh,
hey there.
Billary Berm Clinton.
Um,
I fucked up man and she can probably guess from the subject line cue the old ga.
as a little background,
I'm getting married next month to my fiance who was wonderful love of my life
and all that.
We were visiting her family last night and playing board games,
which we often do.
Oh Jesus.
Oh,
what happened?
Were you drinking?
Did you get competitive?
Huh?
She accuse her mom of cheating.
Uh,
he goes,
I'll spare you the details,
but we were playing a card game with a bunch of characters.
Everyone gets the same people,
but when you use them is really the key to the game.
There was a particularly powerful card I had held onto until the very last stage
of the game.
The character's name was granny water.
MMM.
Pronounced Gary Water.
I gave you the pronunciation and accent so you wouldn't fuck it up.
Well it is spelled w Ata.
Granny.
Why?
Okay.
Well it's the last round of the game and everyone's going around revealing their
card.
I was last and my plan had worked perfectly as I went.
Okay.
To reveal it.
My inner bill bird took over and I really got excited.
I flipped it over.
Oh,
you did it?
He goes,
oh no.
Oh No.
He goes,
I said,
it's granny fucking war.
Then when you drop the f bomb,
Oh my God,
I wish I had podcast tee shirts.
I'd send one to you.
No,
you did.
He goes,
silence followed as an echo through the house.
My fiance's family were stunned.
Okay.
They're not super uptight people,
but people just don't,
just don't throw fucks around during a board game.
You know?
From there it only got worse.
My fiance has listened to your podcast so she knows I was imitating you.
She tried to stammer out an explanation or no,
she had to explain a way,
your behavior.
Ah Dude.
He goes,
but it didn't really do anything.
I also tried to apologize sheepishly.
Then on top of that,
that move gave me enough points to win the game over everyone.
So I had to awkwardly mark my score,
which made me the winner.
Wow.
Dude.
Oh,
when you're getting married next month.
So the fucking taste of this is still going to be in their mouth.
He goes,
we left almost immediately after.
And of course I got yelled at all the way home.
I knew I deserved it,
so I didn't even put up much of a fight.
That's your first good move in this story.
Okay.
Oh Wow.
He goes,
my question is do I try and go out of my way to remedy the situation or do I
just hope everyone forgets about it and moves on?
We're getting married in six weeks,
so it's not like can avoid them for very long.
Um,
first because I fucking crush the impression too.
Thanks.
And Go fuck yourself.
Sorry for the Hillary Clinton referencing the opener.
I think she's a cunt to,
uh,
I don't think she's a contractor.
Just don't think she's an honest person.
And I don't think just because of the fact that we've never had a woman
president that that's reason enough to elect someone is dishonest and as phony
as her.
Um,
anyways,
though,
you know what,
I would,
I would actually,
uh,
without your wife.
I would just drive over there and just say,
listen,
I got to apologize.
I listened to this podcast.
I'm a big fan of the guy.
Um,
I was making a joke and in the moment I didn't realize that you guys didn't
listen to the podcast if you want and just kept queue up a clip.
Well you have it,
which might be a bad thing to do,
but like just have me like saved something else.
Dr cabbies,
easy shave butter.
But then you might be fuck cause I don't say fuck.
MMM.
Just say,
just tell him you're really embarrassed or whatever.
I think if you went over there by yourself,
I think a,
especially her dad,
cause I think that's the big one there.
I think there's,
there's something extra when it's,
you know,
okay.
It's always extra.
Yeah.
Okay.
You know when,
when you're getting married like a,
okay.
You know,
if you're a guy,
you know the,
the,
the dad's going to be looking at you twice as hard and the mom,
she'll be like,
oh,
he's knows Rolex,
you know?
And then the other way around is if you know they have a son and he brings it a
woman around,
like the mother's going to be fucking looking at her to see if she's a fucking,
you know,
an evil little whore.
You know,
the dad's going to be looking at you like,
is this guy going to be overbearing and slap my fucking daughter or right.
Or whatever.
You know what I mean?
See a piece of shit,
right.
Um,
oh my God.
Wow.
You said it's granny fucking water.
Oh God.
Dude.
If you film that,
oh my God.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
Dude,
I got to give,
if I got it might tip of the cap for you there,
man for doing that.
Holy Shit.
I'm getting uncomfortable just thinking about that.
Well,
can I,
I'll apologize.
Can I apologize to your fiance for being a bad fucking a,
a bad influence.
Hey,
you know what?
Play this to play this to you,
your,
your future in laws,
dear future in laws.
Hello,
I'm bill burr.
I'm the one who says,
granny.
I say this type of stuff.
I've been the bad influence.
Don't be mad at him.
I'm sure he's a wonderful human being.
I'm sorry you messed up.
He messed up.
You're a little kid game there.
Um,
yeah,
he's got to make a great son in life.
You know why?
Cause he uses Dr cabbies.
Easy.
Shame.
Don't play that to them.
That's not going to get yet.
I'm just gonna say he listens to morons.
He must be a moron.
Are they going to have half a moron?
Okay.
And uh,
this is not the Monday morning podcast.
This is the replacement.
Yeah.
For the podcasts that I fucking made yesterday.
Uh,
you're not completely this.
I already tried to fucking do this and I just been talking for fucking 20
minutes and I looked down and I wasn't recording.
So this is actually the third fucking time I'm trying to do this.
So I'm going to get right to the point on what the fuck is going on in my life
right now.
Uh,
kind of like,
you know,
when you break your arm for the first time,
you tell the story,
you got every fucking detail,
right?
Then the next time you tell it,
there's a little less detail.
And then by the fifth time he had just pissed and you want to smash a cast over
the fucking person who asked you,
how'd you break your arm dude?
Y'All do,
do,
what'd you do that for?
Did it hurt?
All right,
this is what happened.
I recorded a podcast on Monday.
All right.
And um,
I was actually really excited because somebody sent me this really cool MP3 that
they had made where it was an amalgam of,
uh,
all the podcasts I'd done in the background,
you know,
in the past.
I mean,
you know,
just made this really cool like 92nd thing.
So I was like,
you know,
that's awesome.
This is going to be a great new thing that I can add to the podcast.
Right.
Start it off with my little 16 year old chick flip flown,
you know,
cell phone,
those awful podcast.
And I bought the Olympics ls 10.
Then I got a mixer and a microphone.
You know,
and you guys are probably sitting there going,
how the fuck can he take this to what?
To an even higher level.
There's no way.
Yeah.
And I was about ready to go.
Like,
yeah,
there is a way you mother fuckers,
I'm going to fucking have MP three of the week and started having people send me
in these mp3s and I fucking put it into garage band.
I edited the whole thing in and I turned it into a fucking MP three.
For some reason Ge cast is not taking it.
I don't know what's going on,
but uh,
you know,
I'm sure it's me,
so always ends up being me.
So I'm going to figure out how to do that.
And uh,
in the meantime,
I will tell you a quick story.
This is only going to be like a 20 minute podcast,
um,
of what I'm dealing with in my life right now.
I,
uh,
I got a dog,
I'm just pausing right now waiting for all the animal lovers out there to stop
going.
Oh my God,
it's going to be so good for him.
That keys can be so good for him.
Um,
yeah,
it has been good except for,
you know,
a number of things.
One,
I didn't pick out the dog.
I was on the road.
This was a typical female thing,
you know,
her heart was in a good place.
She's like,
you know,
he wants to get a dog.
He just doesn't know how to do it cause he wasn't hugged,
are loved as a child.
So I know what I'm gonna do.
I'm going to go,
I go,
okay,
a little fuzzy Yz dog and I'm just going to have it here and I'm going to
surprise or whatever the fuck she was thinking.
Right?
So basically I'm on the road and it's typical how women do shit like this.
Okay.
I don't know what they call it.
Like,
you know,
uh,
finagling manipulation,
whatever the,
whatever the euphemism is,
it's,
they lie to you,
you know,
and they tell you in bits and pieces,
what the fuck is really going on?
This is,
this is how she did it.
She left a message and she said,
hey honey,
it's me.
Um,
I did something.
And it involves both of us.
Um,
but don't worry,
I think you're going to like it.
Actually.
You're going to love it.
Just call me and tell you what to do.
That's okay.
Bye.
Click right.
Call her up.
And she says,
listen,
a friend of a friend of mine has a dog and she needs us to watch it for a week.
And I was like,
perfect.
That is awesome.
I'm a commitment phobe one week,
you know,
that works perfectly for me.
So,
uh,
I go,
yeah,
fuck it.
Let's get it right.
And she goes,
great.
Awesome Greg.
The only be here for a week,
you know,
I'm like,
cool.
Next phone call.
Yeah.
So anyways,
I got the dog.
She's so cute.
Above,
above Ba.
Yeah.
And we keep it for a week and at the end of the week if we want to keep it,
we can have it.
And if not,
they take it to a shelter and it gets put down.
And I'm like,
what?
What?
Wait,
wait,
what?
You just got to sit dog.
Right?
She got a rescue dog.
The exact thing I've been making fun of in my act that the joke I did on Conan
that got me all that mail from all the dog lovers.
And uh,
not only that,
it's a pit bull.
Isn't that great?
Huh?
I'm just waiting for it to be like,
dude,
what are you?
Do you fucking mind you already fuck I'm on fucking took who's spoken dogs too.
I'm telling you the fucking loyal dude,
but I'm telling you one day you look the other way.
They did.
They just fucking snap do.
One time I heard about this guy,
there was this guy,
right dude,
there was this guy and he got a pit bull right?
There was this guy and he had a pit bull shut up.
So anyways,
we've got this fucking pitbull and evidently they found it down by the La River
and uh,
it's a fucking awesome doc.
I can't even,
I can't even lie to you.
It's a fucking great dog.
It's a scary looking dog.
I'm not going to lie to you.
It looks like it wasn't by the La River was more by the fucking river.
Haiti's,
it's definitely looks like a hell hound,
but it is a fucking sweetheart.
And uh,
you know,
by the second day,
I love the thing.
I'm like,
fuck this.
We're keeping it.
I loved it.
I walk it down the street,
people cross the street.
It's great.
It's fucking great.
It's like having a gun that,
that you can pet.
It's a fucking awesome dog.
And uh,
you know,
I've had other dogs have charged it.
It hasn't freaked out yet.
You know,
it's going to freak out to fucking time bomb.
I'm out of my mind.
I should give this dog back.
I'm out of my fucking mind.
This you just know there's a lawsuit at the end of this.
The only way it ends with a pit bull.
It ends with a lawsuit in a missing limb and a second cousin that never talks to
you again.
And the only time you see him is when he drives down the street and his fucking
custom El Camino that he bought with the 50 grand you gave him.
And he gives you the finger.
He takes his one arm off the steering wheel,
gives you the fucking finger and continues on down the street and is lime green
fucking Eldorado.
Um,
anyways,
so let's dog is this shit.
I love having it around.
I fucking love this dog.
She's awesome and I want to keep it,
but this is the problem.
Um,
when we leave,
it fucks up the apartment or it has twice.
It's scratched the door and it's scratched something else in the back.
And it's like,
dude,
I don't own this place.
Okay,
I have a deposit.
Do you understand that?
And one day the landlord is going to come over to me and be like,
what the fuck is that?
And then I'm going to point at you and you don't have a wallet.
And not only do you not have a wallet,
you don't have,
you don't have money,
you don't have any money.
All right?
You dumped.
Fuck.
Which means it's coming out of my deposit.
And that's what I've dealt with on the last week is literally watching my
deposit slowly disappearing.
You know,
you ever been up like two grand playing blackjack,
you know,
and he just sitting there like,
it's never going to end,
you know,
and your buddy's like,
dude,
don't do a walk away dude.
I'm telling you,
kick you up to grandkid away.
Dual feed money.
It's free money.
Right.
And he keep fucking sitting there and the whores coming over there with the
whiskey and you keep drinking,
right.
Then some vacuum cleaner salesman sits down and starts hitting on 17 and you
start doing that dumb shit going through.
That was my car,
these guys taking all my cards,
you know,
like if that fuck wasn't there,
you would continue to win.
You wouldn't,
all right do the fucking math.
How do you think they keep the lights on all day long with the air conditioning
on and the fucking doors open in the middle of a desert and they still can
afford to do it.
Cause dumb fucks.
Like you sit there and the longer you sit there,
it's simple fucking math.
Do it.
I thought it system.
Um,
so anyways,
so I was like,
listen,
I have,
we uh,
I'll,
I'll keep the dog,
but we gotta put this thing in a fucking cage when we go to leave.
Okay.
So I go over to Petco.
And um,
I didn't want to go there.
There was a local pet store,
you know me,
I want to go to the mom and pop store,
but my girls just like,
oh,
that's right around the corner.
Everywhere I work,
you know,
and I got all this,
ah,
you know,
they start doing that shit and you just feel all the fucking,
you literally feel the fucking energy draining out of your legs.
He just like,
all right,
we'll go where you want to go.
Right.
And then they do this shit.
Why I say Shit,
if you don't want to go there,
we're good.
No,
forget it.
We'll go there.
I don't know why you have to get mad.
I'm,
well if you've just fucking why do you ask me where I want to go?
If you already know where we want to go when you were going to go there anyways,
why do you put me through that fucking test?
It's like fucking verbal waterboarding.
It's brutal.
So anyways,
so we go to fucking PETCO and it's a typical corporation.
It's 90,000 square feet and they got two people on the floor.
All right?
And there's literally like,
people are gathered around the one person with the fucking apron that's the same
color as the sign outside.
So you like,
obviously they work here because they have a fucking apron that matches.
It's the same color blue as the fucking sign.
And there's literally people gathered around this person,
like they're famous,
like they're waiting for an autograph when the reality is is they're trying to
find a fucking flea collar and this fucking Goddamn mega church that they have
for fucking dogs,
right?
Jesus Christ almost fucking spun out of control with all the references there
anyways,
and we plow ahead here.
Was that even remotely funny?
Anyways,
let's go.
So anyways,
get to the point bill.
So I'm fucking,
they sit at guys like,
all right,
I go,
listen,
I need I gotta I gotta I gotta fucking nap pitbull.
Evidently it's a pit bull mixed,
but I think it's mixed with another pitbull cause it fucking looks like a pit
bull to me.
The guys like,
how are you sir?
Don't worry,
I'm going to,
I'm going to be over there just about 10 minutes.
Don't worry about it.
So I say fine.
And I stand over there for about seven minutes and I'm like,
you know what,
this dude's not fucking showing up.
He's not fucking showing up.
So I just grabbed the biggest fucking cage I could find cause I want it to be
nice and Roomy,
you know,
be responsible pet owner.
I don't want to be cruel.
I don't act like a fucking puppy mill.
You know,
it's fucking thing's huge.
You could fit a fucking Jacuzzi in the corner.
All right.
It's a big cage.
So I bring the thing home and uh,
Lo and behold,
a buddy of mine calls me up,
says,
tells me he's got a Gig back east for the whole summer direct.
And a bunch of actors in some bullshit.
So He's,
he's having a Gig and he wants me to come by and say goodbye.
So I say absolutely.
My girl's not around.
So I go,
I fucking stick the dog in the cage.
All right?
And I feel awful.
The dog standing there shaking like a leaf.
I literally get the thing to go in the cage.
It's facing the back of the cage and it's not moving.
It's just standing there shaking like it,
you know,
like it knows a fucking earthquake is coming or something.
Okay.
So I'm sitting there trying to convey to the dog like,
dude,
I know you scared right now.
You know,
I know you were abandoned,
but I'm not going to abandon you.
You understand?
You just fucking up my apartment and I can't have that.
So how do you say that and how do,
how would the dog whisper convey that?
You know,
I don't know how to do it.
All right,
dude,
I'm coming back.
Notice I'm leaving and I'm not bringing you with me in the cage.
I could see if I was doing that.
I could see then you've fucking
dude,
just stop shaking,
right?
You know that you feel awful.
Stop.
Please,
please stop shaking.
So I leave.
I go to the party in the party for two fucking hours.
All I can think about as a goddamn dog being scared in the cage and it's killing
me.
It's ripping my heart out.
So I'm following.
It's like,
dude,
I've got to get out of here.
I got this dog.
I,
I can't,
I can't fucking leave it alone.
It's killing me.
So I fucking drive back
and I'm thinking all this dogs and be so psyched to see me.
You know?
That's the best thing when you come home,
when you have a dog,
the dog's fucking psyched to see it,
right?
So I come home and I opened the door and who's fucking sitting on the other side
of the doors?
That God damn dog just sitting there wagging its tail,
thumping it on the floor,
you know,
completely.
You know,
normal look on his face like,
hey bill,
what's going on?
You want an egg?
You know,
I was thinking about making a late breakfast.
What'd you get into tonight?
Knife.
And you get some pussy.
What's going to help do you mean?
I've just fucking regular and I'm looking at the dog like
did I dream that I did.
I not put you on a fucking cage to focus,
you know what the fuck is going on here?
Right.
So I walk out to the kitchen and
I don't know how to describe this without pictures.
The only way I can describe it is it looked like the cage got raped and then
thrown in front of the locomotive,
the fucking thing,
which like it was lopsided.
It was,
there was a big chunk taken out of the side.
And then there was these all this blood on the floor.
And um,
I,
I was beside myself.
I was,
I couldn't believe it.
And I want to say that the cage door was still closed.
She just,
she just fucked this thing up.
And now I'm sitting there freaking out going,
oh my God,
she hurt herself.
There's blood all over the God damn floor.
The amount of blood on the floor.
I would've thought that she'd be laying there unconscious.
And she just sitting there looking at me wagon,
it's fucking tail on the Goddamn linoleum now.
So I,
you know,
I'm looking at its mouth and
does nothing in there.
There's a little bit,
it's like one of the fucking x men.
What's that extra and you know,
you,
you cut it and just automatically heals.
That's what it looks like.
It's just completely fine.
So
I didn't,
I don't know.
It was like,
I was like half.
Yeah,
I was definitely bummed because I was out a couple hundred bucks,
especially with all the fucking fuzzy,
let's make this cage a home shit that I bought to put in it,
but uh,
pardon me,
respected it.
I was like,
God damn,
this is a fucking dog,
you know?
And uh,
I was like,
all right.
Evidently I bought the wrong fucking cage.
So
Jesus Christ,
I don't even know anymore.
I fucking two days later,
right?
I haven't left the house.
We haven't left the house and left her alone.
We keep bringing her in the,
in the God damn car.
And that's another thing,
bringing the car,
she fucking stands.
Is she shaking?
Like,
Oh fuck,
what did I do this time,
man,
I'm getting a band.
And again went to affect me and you know,
we'll like,
dude,
we're not abandoning you.
We just fucking relax and stick your face out the fucking window.
Like a regular dog.
Jesus Christ.
You know,
you're making me nervous,
you know?
So finally we were like,
look,
we need to have a life.
Okay.
You know,
I have to go out and do stand up.
You have to be able to go work.
I have to have,
you know,
we got to get another cage.
So I finally go to Petco again and I find one of those Douche bags with the blue
apron or whatever,
and I go listen to it.
Actually brought the dog.
I'm like,
this is what I have.
This is what I bought and this is what the fuck it did to it.
Do you have anything to help me?
And you guys are late.
No problem.
It was of dewalt.
We'll,
uh,
we get one of these wire cages and we'll get it a muscle.
Because that was a big thing with me.
I was like,
I don't want the dog to get hurt trying to get out of the cage.
I want a cage so they can't break out of.
And I want to leave the dog in a situation where it can't get hurt.
So it gives me,
it gives me this muscle to put on the dog where it can still drink.
Relax you fucking animal loving jackasses.
It can still drink.
Okay.
It could vomit if it had to.
So it's not going to die like John Bonham.
You know,
a lot of people don't know that.
Not only did he have 32 shots of vodka,
he,
they actually found him slumped over in a doggy cage.
All right.
I'm face down in a fucking water dish.
I can't believe I just said that about one of the guys I loved the most.
Anyways.
Um,
so we get all the shit.
I get the fucking cage.
All right.
And this time we're doing like dog whisperer,
a shit for literally an hour last night.
We work with this doc.
We walked the dog by the cage.
We walked it back past the cage,
you know,
and it's freaking out looking at the cage and the cage has two doors.
So I got my girls got both doors open so she's got half her body in the cage
going come he cleo comedically,
oh good girl.
And she would sort of come close to the cage and put her head down and wouldn't
go in it.
And then we'd walk away and we just over and over and over and then one half
hour into it,
nothing but positive reinforcement.
All of a sudden it was like magic.
It's like a fucking afterschool special.
She just crawled,
walked,
you know,
like a little fucking marine trying to go under neath.
Barb wire went into the cage and we will like,
that's a good girl.
And we were patent it and you know,
my girl rubbed his head till it fell asleep a little bit.
And then when it got up and,
and wanting to get out of the cage,
we let it get out of the cage just so it had that vibe,
you know,
like this is your home,
this is,
you're not being punished.
So then we do that exercise a number of times,
another five,
six,
seven fucking times.
Kept walking it into the cage,
praising it,
telling it was a good girl scratching it.
And then when I wanted to get out of the cage with,
let it out of the cage,
right down the fucking dog whispering numbers on how to do this shit.
So the end of the night comes,
we slide this big motherfucking cage.
Okay.
Um,
at the foot of the bed,
she likes to sleep on the foot of the bed.
We take the two pillows that she likes to sleep on,
we put him in the cage,
we put her in there and we closed the cage and she's sitting there and uh,
we call it out the lights and then she just,
she whined
sorta panted in wine for like two hours,
just going,
just like that.
I couldn't believe it didn't pass out.
That's how quickly it was breathing.
Literally.
Is that annoying to listen to if you're on a plane right now?
That's what the fuck that thing did for two hours to the point.
I was like,
Jesus Christ near let's just let the thing out of the fucking cage.
And she's like,
no,
if we do that,
then it's going to learn that that's all it has to do is that annoying sound,
which I won't do again to fucking make you guys fucking teeth,
heart,
you know.
So
anyways,
she finally ends up going to sleep.
We go to sleep the next morning she wakes up,
we let her out of the cage,
she's all excited and I've been doing what I've been doing with this dog.
I fucking run it up,
but God Damn Mountain and I've run it right back down.
You know,
fucking thing is all muscle.
It's the shit,
right?
It was fucking dog is awesome.
Um,
so anyways,
no roids either.
This is all natural.
So anyways,
so today I get up and uh,
my beautiful girls got to go to work and I had a meeting.
You don't try to come up with a show idea,
trying to get a show on the air,
trying to come up with a better idea.
So won't get squashed like a bug.
Like on my last fucking idea did right at the last second when I thought I was
home free,
you know,
gliding along free as a bird than smash right into fucking windshield.
That's what happened.
My last idea.
But we will,
that's a whole nother podcast.
We won't get into that shit.
So anyways,
we uh,
bring the dog into the cage.
She's definitely not,
we put the muzzle on it so won't hurt itself if it tries to get out,
which we know it's going to try to,
I put it's water in there.
We closed the door,
we tell it to each teller.
She's a good girl.
And uh,
we sold it,
you know,
I went out,
did,
you know,
had my breakfast out in the kitchen and I kind of peeked in the bedroom and it
was laying down.
The muzzle on thing was totally cool and I thought,
I thought everything is great.
This is awesome.
We have our lives back.
You know,
I liked it.
I got to be able to do standup and I like to play drums in that type of shit.
I like doing that shit during the day when I fucking can't stare at the walls
anymore.
So a off we go into the wild blue yonder,
I dropped my girl off at work,
I go and I,
you know,
hanging out with this other comic,
we're trying to come up with a TV show idea and I actually brought my shit along
with me cause I'm feeling free.
I can go play drums.
The dog is cool.
And I was actually thinking halfway through,
right?
Just like when I was at the party is okay,
hey man,
I got to get home man.
I feel bad.
The dogs in the cage.
A fucking loved that dog.
I fucking love that dog.
I've got to let the dog out of the cage.
I'll hang out.
You know,
I'll play some guitar instead.
Right.
And I'll watch the Bruins,
hopefully beat the fucking hurricanes tonight and gave six right.
That's,
that was my game plan and a,
so I come home like this dogs and be so fucking psyched on it,
you know,
and I show up,
let it out of the cage.
It's going to be flipping out.
Jumping all around.
It's awesome.
It's awesome when he come home and you got a dog,
right?
So I come home,
I opened the back door,
and then we have this other doors,
got this big glass window,
and I go to put the key in and I looked down and who the fuck is sitting there?
Right on the other side of the door.
And you sit there wagging its tail.
The fucking Goddamn Cleo.
And I'm looking at the Doug going,
are you fucking shitting me?
And I look at its face.
It's got a little bit of dried blood on its muzzle and right by its eye.
And it's happy as shit.
It doesn't give a fuck.
It's just wagging his tail.
Hey Bill,
how was your meeting?
You know,
just come up with any ideas,
you know,
don't give up man.
I'm telling you,
you're going to get a TV show.
I did.
He wanted to go for a jog,
right?
And I'm sitting there looking at this fucking thing like,
dude,
you gotta be shitting me.
You got to be fucking kidding me.
And I walk into the bedroom and here's this fucking cage that this Douche bag
down at Petco said I would be fine.
Oh,
by the way,
the,
the fucking thing still has the muscle,
but it's off.
It got it off and it's hanging down around it's fucking neck like a Bandana.
Like some douchebag in prince's band way back in the day.
Remember that guy who played the fucking guitar keyboard,
the guy in the revolution,
prince and the revolution,
right?
That's the way the muzzle is.
All needed to be was like some sort of fucking neon leopard print.
And that thing was good to go.
Right.
So I come walking in and I can't even describe to you how fucked this cage was.
And there was blood all over the fucking floor.
And once again,
I'm checking her mouth.
I'm checking her pause.
There are areas where there's sort of dried blood on her for her,
but she's not bleeding.
This dog is,
is not from this planet.
Yeah.
And this,
but this cage is,
and you know,
I took a fucking picture of it.
I should put it up on my,
on my myspace page.
I don't know what it did.
I don't,
I don't know if it just fucking started jumping up and down and slam it into the
sides of it.
But
I'm looking at it right now.
I can't,
there's like metal is just twisted around.
It's wreckage.
That's what the fuck I have.
It looks like the rest of the cage is fine.
It looks like this.
The front of the cage had a front end fucking collision
with another car.
I,
so I don't know what I'm going to do.
People I have,
I have a situation because you know,
I'm all for rescue when a dog,
but I didn't sign up for this shit and I have blown over $300 in cages and I've
used both of them once and this dog fucks him up and you know,
I'm telling you,
you can't talk to animal lovers because they're fucking crazy because they will
tell you anything just to get you to keep the fucking dog,
you know?
Oh,
it's just because it's scared.
It scared that it's going to be abandoned.
You have to build up the trust and it's like,
you know,
that's not my fucking problem.
I want to keep this dog,
but what the,
what the fuck am I supposed to do?
Okay.
So there's my,
uh,
this isn't a podcast.
This is just me telling you why.
Well,
I guess this has no reason to do why there was no podcasts.
It's no podcast cause I couldn't figure out how to go from garage band to g cast
to make it work.
So if you can help me with that and if somebody out there has rescued a fucking
pit bull and has gone through this shit and they somehow figured out how to get
the dog
to,
to be cool in a cage because,
uh,
not only is it costs me a lot of money,
this dog is injuring itself and it's fucking killing me.
So if he can help me out,
I would appreciate it.
Uh,
and that is it.
That is,
this is a very special
Monday morning podcast down on a Tuesday.
I actually have a cause.
Okay.
Oh,
by the way,
if you've got any new mps freeze or any type of shit that you want to send me a,
you know,
go ahead and send them.
I don't know.
You know,
I don't send it to me yet.
Just wait til I get my first one up there that I understand how to fucking know.
If you know how to do it,
please let me know.
That is it.
I hope all you guys have a good week and hope I have some good news for you next
week.
All right,
dude.
Bye Daddy.
Say,
dude.
All right,
and you'll see what I mean beside myself.
Mr [inaudible].